I remember you said you just wanted them to disappear from the page,
Why do you want to reach this position now?
As a royal family, who can't be powerful?
Where is your heart? I have no job,
2. If you still have power, are you called a human being?
Wuxi, please stop playing with me.
Who doesn’t know about the Li family?
Li family, today,
This is because if you don’t look for me, you will get more rewards. If you look for me,
Li Mao, it is finally done,
But he was lonely in the end. For him,
Loneliness is inconvenient, and it is not cheap for him.
I, the Li family, can give you a chance to win over the dragon,
What brother Bu said
Are you rushing in with me?
Just one piece of news from you will make me take sides.
Unless you send me your appreciation back here
As far as I'm concerned, there really is a way
You kill the main two of them
Of the three parties, you are the main one.
Exactly who knows
Thank you, Your Majesty
If I had less appreciation
Your Majesty, please close your hands and let me take over the honorable family name.
unprovoked force
The four princes and the female brother all rewarded each other
It is an obvious concentration
So Mr. Xie is really not born with the light. Come with me.